Hoi-hoi-hoi, punks, hoi-hoi-hoi!
Hoi-hoi-hoi, punks, hoi!
Lida, Lida, DJ S3RL, uh
And I hold my babes hand
When she piss on the wall
Then I take my guitar
And load the songs of Maybe Baby
And she sometimes jokingly
Can just hit me to the face
My girl it's gun and bomb (Bang)
And I don't need another
Hey, you, suck my dick
I'm a crazy russian kid
Uh, uh, London bitch, your pussy, my lovely sleep
Her hand in my pants embarrasses everyone around
But us is fantastically don't give a fuck
We are long gone crazy
She's naked on the street dancing shuffle dance
I turn on the "Boichik" song and arrange flex
And then in the empty dilapidated house, slightly embarrassed
We are neo-romantics – we taking a black pills
Oh, good
Very good, yeah
Wow, speeds up okay
My girlfriend is a rave dancer
She spits right in my face
And then she screams with me (What, what?)
"Hoi-hoi-hoi, punks, hoi-hoi-hoi!"
She is raver-anarchist
She's definitely the best from girls
And she screams with me (What, what?)
"Hoi-hoi-hoi, punks, hoi!"
And when we're in torn, dirty jeans
Beside the dilapidated house
Kissed with the homeless under the trips
Came up to us the guy is very modest
And asked: "What is the point of this
Aimlessly ignore the foundations?"
Refusing to self-development, –
Said I, smiling in pain
My best friend yesterday was found near pipes
Under the iron quiet hatch rats eating up of his corpse
And I'm not surprised, we all once will leave, like this
So why we are waiting for, since, in the fact, we do not live
There is a own way out for everyone: someone smokes, someone drinks
Someone rejection of social networks, someone holding spoon over the flame
And my friend lay and rotted, but with smile on his face
Caramel rain was dripped of echo on the whole rusty workshop
And you tell us about asociality, you're crazy
And if you're crazy, then let's go with us!
Then let's go with us...
My girlfriend is a rave dancer
She spits right in my face
And she screams with me
What?
My girlfriend is a rave dancer
She spits right in my face
And then she screams with me (What?)
"Hoi-hoi-hoi, punks, hoi-hoi-hoi!"
She is raver-anarchist
She's definitely the best from girls
And she screams with me (What, what?)
"Hoi-hoi-hoi, punks, hoi!"
Hoi-hoi-hoi, punks, hoi!
Hoi-hoi-hoi, punks, hoi-hoi-hoi!
